Contribution Features
There are two key features to be looking at number one is how people become contributors to an idea and number two what happens afterwards, the access that they have and what are the things they can do.
Firstly, how can people become contributors to an idea? There are two ways- one a user is scrolling through their feed and they see a particular public idea posted and they like it. They find it interesting and they think they have the skills for it so they click on the send a contributor request to the original ideator with text saying what are the reasons why they would be a good contributor and the person can read it. The ideator can read it and then choose to either accept or reject, or can even message the individual user like any other social media. We will have a block feature to prevent repeated messages, and the contribute request once sent cannot be sent multiple times. 
The second way that they can become a contributor is once the person who has created the idea has put in the skills he needs, and the industry the idea impacts- our algorithm on the backend will analyze these two tags and come up with a list of people most suitable for that idea by matching the skill, industry tags of the idea to the skill/industry tags of individual users The person who had the idea can then send a request similarly to how an individual user does it and then the process is the same- the person who receives the request and then either accept or reject or message the person to find out more.
Now, what are the features that you get once you become a contributor- first is you get access to the dashboard the dashboard contains all relevant information, The to-do list, the calendar and also access to the individual idea message boards, or text groups. They can also make changes to the calendar, to do list etc. The idea message board and text groups is a feature very similar to WhatsApp community where you have one major community created each time you create an idea and several sub groups in it. You can create several sub groups Within that community with some or all members who are contributors to discuss various facets of the idea, depending on complexity.
Another feature you get when you become a contributor is the ability to make posts on that idea similar to how the first person made an idea post, others can also make posts regarding the progress any ideas or contributions that they have which they think are significant or major milestones These contributions to the idea can be public or private as well, private ones are for the contributors only as a form of possible major upgrade to the idea and the public ones are for social media, reach validation, etc. you can also make these posts to request for other other individuals who might have skills you now need.

Now, lastly, to explain the contribute feature think of any generic social media like Instagram. Instagram has individual user accounts who can make posts about anything. They also have highlights which are a group of random posts grouped together under a certain bucket which you can decide. That’s exactly what these ideas are, groups or random collections of posts,images, videos etc. grouped under a certain heading (which is the original idea post). The way the contribute feature works, is as if in the real world you are giving access to your account to somebody else as well so that they can operate the account while you are not working on it.